any symptoms headache dry
cough nope 38.5 good but this is april's
third straight week in the clove award
we're short staffed april volunteered dr
halstein
covetous was negative you're good to go
she's gonna be okay
oh yeah thanks crockett i'm glad you're
taking care of her
um i found her unconscious in her
bathroom
syringe in her arm three weeks straight
don't start ethan you're putting
yourself at risk
sabina ferrani we're running a trial at
med for an all heart failure medication
dr ramsey is principal investigator he
thought it'd be good to have a ed
docker's kpi
is that why you didn't want to bring me
in kid with leukemia because i lost my
little girl
and what you just did that's why i don't
tell people about my past
no you trust me and i let you down well
you know
i have no choice but to report dr asher
she blamed me for not trusting her
and i see now that i i blamed her for
being an addict i moved out of my house
i said goodbye to my son you know we try
to protect them as much as we can
until that last moment when we uh we
can't when i get out of rehab i
want to go somewhere i was thinking l.a
decent weather for a change i love you
but i can't be the reason you stay sober
maybe in a year or so you'll want to
come visit disneyland of course i feel
bad i gave you
covid you because i screwed up i could
have killed you
withlanic quitting you could be named
chief
me so i am proud to announce your new
chief is dr ethan choi
[Applause]
because if i were in your shoes guy
comes in underneath me then
leap frogs me to be my boss i'd want to
kill somebody
okay go get your mom's coat honey stan i
feel i have to make some changes around
here
last week when ms goodwin and i
discussed my new role last week and i
believe a good leader takes
responsibility for everything that
happens on his watch
a good leader trusts that those under
him know what they're doing
so you guys doing a little endoscopy huh
yeah the x-rays weren't conclusive so
trying to figure out what's going on i
have more experience
i'm a better diagnostician well you have
a real talent dr halstead no of course
is it because of dr asher
because i fell in love with someone
struggling with drugs you're impulsive
you break the rules
you trust your gut over everything and
everyone else
you expect you're taking my daughter to
arab freaking zona dan please can we
dr verrani dr ronnie hold up
[Music]
you